README.md, before:

# Meal Master Client Side

### Live Site URL:

Firebase Hosting : [https://meal-master-chef.web.app/](https://meal-master-chef.web.app/)

Netlify Hosting : [https://mealmasterchef.netlify.app/](https://mealmasterchef.netlify.app/)

**Admin User Name** : one@one.com

**Admin Password** : 111111Aa

## Features and Characteristics:

## Comprehensive Navigation:

Easily navigate through our website with dedicated sections for Home, Meals, Upcoming Meals, Subscriptions, Error Page, Login, Register, and Purchase Confirm. Users can also access Google.

## User Dashboard :

- Users can Request Meals
- Users can add reviews and Edit or Delete their reviews
- Users can purches orders
- Check Payment Status and delete their Orders
- Users can view their profile.

## Admin Dashboard:

- Admin can view their profile with number of menu added
- Admin can manage Users update or remove users role
- Added new menu. Manage all menu update or delete.
- Manage all Reviews with meals, like, reviews counts and delete.
- Serve meals with status update to delivery or pending.
- Added Upcoming Meals views and published main menu for users to order.

### User Authentication:

Utilizing Firebase Authentication, users can securely register, sign in, and login. Additionally, they have the option to sign in with Google or GitHub for added convenience.

### Intregated MongoDB Database:

Our website is integrated with MongoDB database for seamless data storage and retrieval.

### Responsive Design:

Our website is designed to be responsive across various devices, ensuring a consistent and user-friendly experience for all users.

### Theme Selection:

Choose from a variety of themes, including light and dark mode, for a seamless and visually appealing user experience.

### Engaging Visuals:

Enhance user interaction with captivating animations powered by the tsparticles, animate.css, and aos npm packages.

### User-friendly Interface:

Our website is designed with a modern and intuitive user interface, ensuring a smooth and intuitive experience for all users.

## Installation: :computer:

1. Clone the repository from GitHub:

```
git clone https://github.com/programming-hero-web-course1/b9a12-client-side-JuborajSujon


```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd fixnexus-client
```

3. Install dependencies using npm or yarn:

```
npm install
```

or

```
yarn install
```

## Usage: :book:

1. Start the development server:

```
npm run dev
```

2. Open your web browser and visit http://localhost:5173 to access the application.

## Additional Notes:

- Ensure that you have Node.js and npm (or yarn) installed on your system before proceeding with the installation.
- The application requires an active internet connection to fetch service data and provide personalized recommendations.
- Customize the application as needed by modifying the source code files located in the project directory.
- For production deployment, build the project using `npm run build` or yarn build and deploy the generated build files to your hosting server.

Enjoy exploring and discovering your favorite meals! :rocket:::rocket:::rocket:

Commit message:

Added emailjs for seamless contact form

README.md, after:

# Meal Master Client Side

### Live Site URL:

Firebase Hosting : [https://meal-master-chef.web.app/](https://meal-master-chef.web.app/)

Netlify Hosting : [https://mealmasterchef.netlify.app/](https://mealmasterchef.netlify.app/)

**Admin User Name** : one@one.com

**Admin Password** : 111111Aa

## Features and Characteristics:

## Comprehensive Navigation:

Easily navigate through our website with dedicated sections for Home, Meals, Upcoming Meals, Subscriptions, Contact Us, Error Page, Login, Register, and Purchase Confirm. Users can also access Google.

## User Dashboard :

- Users can Request Meals
- Users can add reviews and Edit or Delete their reviews
- Users can purches orders
- Check Payment Status and delete their Orders
- Users can view their profile.

## Admin Dashboard:

- Admin can view their profile with number of menu added
- Admin can manage Users update or remove users role
- Added new menu. Manage all menu update or delete.
- Manage all Reviews with meals, like, reviews counts and delete.
- Serve meals with status update to delivery or pending.
- Added Upcoming Meals views and published main menu for users to order.

### User Authentication:

Utilizing Firebase Authentication, users can securely register, sign in, and login. Additionally, they have the option to sign in with Google or GitHub for added convenience.

### Intregated MongoDB Database:

Our website is integrated with MongoDB database for seamless data storage and retrieval.

### Seamless Contact Form:

Integrate EmailJS with React to create a seamless contact form. With EmailJS, you can send emails directly from the client-side, streamlining our email workflow and making it easier for our users to get in touch.

### Responsive Design:

Our website is designed to be responsive across various devices, ensuring a consistent and user-friendly experience for all users.

### Theme Selection:

Choose from a variety of themes, including light and dark mode, for a seamless and visually appealing user experience.

### Engaging Visuals:

Enhance user interaction with captivating animations powered by the tsparticles, animate.css, and aos npm packages.

### User-friendly Interface:

Our website is designed with a modern and intuitive user interface, ensuring a smooth and intuitive experience for all users.

## Installation: :computer:

1. Clone the repository from GitHub:

```
git clone https://github.com/programming-hero-web-course1/b9a12-client-side-JuborajSujon


```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd fixnexus-client
```

3. Install dependencies using npm or yarn:

```
npm install
```

or

```
yarn install
```

## Usage: :book:

1. Start the development server:

```
npm run dev
```

2. Open your web browser and visit http://localhost:5173 to access the application.

## Additional Notes:

- Ensure that you have Node.js and npm (or yarn) installed on your system before proceeding with the installation.
- The application requires an active internet connection to fetch service data and provide personalized recommendations.
- Customize the application as needed by modifying the source code files located in the project directory.
- For production deployment, build the project using `npm run build` or yarn build and deploy the generated build files to your hosting server.

Enjoy exploring and discovering your favorite meals! :rocket:::rocket:::rocket:
